iguanas
there are thousands of them
[Music]
and yet there's nothing on the island
for these vegetarians
to eat
or almost nothing
[Music]
cormorants bring seaweed ashore with
which to make their nests
but what is building material for a
cormorant
is food for an iguana
[Music]
both these species evolved here but that
doesn't necessarily
make them good neighbors
[Music]
no matter he knows where there's more
elsewhere
he's a marine iguana
the only lizard in the world that gets
its food from the sea
[Music]
the seaweed on which he totally relies
only grows in abundance here because of
the nutrients
brought by the cromwell current
once in the water he has just 30 minutes
to find food
any longer than that and his muscles
will seize up
and he'll drown for like most reptiles
he can't handle the cold
[Music]
you